hey guys Jason Hill here today and I'm
with chef Greg Stillman at rapport
restaurant in Rancho Cucamonga and he's
going to make up a discourse today what
are we going to have we are going to
have a traditional margarita pizza as
done in Naples Italy and we're going to
bake it right here in our 800 degree
oven so this is this is the dough it
ferments overnight darts off has an 8
ounce ball and you can tell it's very
loose and texture and that is because
the the gluten has had a long time to
relax in the refrigerator overnight and
develop the nice bubbles that we're
going to see on the edge of the crust
and then the tomatoes are a Spanish
canned tomato very similar to a san
marzano but not quite as sweet I like it
to have a little bit more acid than the
San Marzano and then we have a handmade
mozzarella cheese that's made in Los
Angeles they make it daily and then
fresh basil and then extra-virgin olive
oil
okay so we've replaced the dough
directly into the Caputo flour that we
import from Italy it's the same flour
that we make the dough with and then we
give it a flip as I've read in some some
manuals of for Italian pizza that are
Neapolitan and style they say this is
something you have to do in order for it
to be traditional you have to actually
dip it in the flour although I'm not
quite sure but that's what we do anyway
we sprinkle the surface and then real
quick we just give a squish with our
palm and make it flat in the center not
really disturbing the outside edge and
then with our fingertips we read imple
the rest of the pizza moving the pizza
around definitely
made definitely handmade not trying your
best not to disturb the edge because
that's where you're going to get a lot
of natural bubbles from the fermentation
once you've dimpled you're going to do a
quick stretch with while you're rotating
your you're stretching the just the edge
of the dough out and you're trying your
best not to disturb the center the
center generally stretches out on its
own you won't have to worry too much
about it really just stretching the edge
and you can see with not too much
fanfare we've established a good
diameter without too much pullback you
actually see almost none then we're
going to put it pick it up and put it on
the backs of our hands and just let it
kind of hang down on the backs of our
knuckles and then the diameter is is
even greater and we've really not worked
too hard to get it that way and what are
ingredients in the dough's the dough is
strictly Caputo flour it's the red bag
if you want to look for it on Amazon and
it has a particular content of ash and
gluten and protein that we prefer and it
is a double-0 ground flour and salt
water and instant yeast not active dry
but instant okay and we'll give you the
recipe for that later so after you
stretch it this is basically the size
you don't have to throw it or anything
just put it right onto our pizza peel
there we're going to use to get into our
oven and then we're going to put some
sauce on it this is our Antonina
tomatoes and the only thing that we do
to this canned tomato is put a little
bit of salt in it and elevate the salt
level and that's it we puree it with
salt and that is it's about two two and
a quarter to two and a half ounces of
sauce and I'm going to put the cheese on
next and probably
you guys will wonder why there's not
that much cheese on there and if you've
ever been Italy you'll know that they
just don't put a lot of cheese on there
Neapolitan style pizzas got this recipe
from restaurants that I've worked in I'm
not sure if you've been to Downtown
Disney but oh yeah there's there's a
kids yeah there's a place called Naples
and they crank out about 500 to 600
pizzas a day and then yeah I used to run
that place so it's just a haphazard
scattering that's it that's the only
amount of cheese we're going to put on
there and the cheese is going to melt
down real fast in the oven and kind of
spread out just a little bit but not
much it's not an american-style pizza
where the whole thing is covered with
cheese you taste more of the acid of the
tomato and the extra virgin olive oil
actors come out of the oven the last
thing we put on here is a little bit of
basil fresh basil and we can put these
whole are you breaking up III break them
up you can leave in the hole it doesn't
really matter the surprisingly they just
get a little bit charred but not much
sometimes they even retain all their
green color after they come out of the
oven so that's all we do to the pizza
and then we go into the oven just going
to place it directly on the stone and
give it a shake and off it goes
generally it's going to stay in there
about two minutes and the higher the
temperature of the oven the faster it
will bake obviously and you'll start to
see immediately the the crust will start
to give rise and the cheese will start
to kind of sweat a little bit the sauce
will start to boil and you'll get some
characteristic charring on the backside
of the pizza that's closest to the fire
and so we'll have to rotate it every 30
to 45 seconds your your home oven will
take you about 10 minutes at the very
bottom that's where you want to have
your pizza stone so it's directly in
contact with with your heating element
of your stove now the wood you have back
there it's not anything for smoking
flavor or anything like that it's just a
neutral if you want a very neutral and
clean burning wood so this is white oak
white oak yeah so you can see that one
bubbling up nice
the cheese you can see it's a little bit
more resistant than the dill and you're
looking to pull it a little just
starting to caramelize the top of the
cheese getting a little bit Brown that's
when I like it to be done
and that is a good pizza we're going to
put a little bit of extra virgin olive
oil directly on yeah over the whole
pizza and then in America we cut it but
I'm told in in Italy you cut it yourself
and here is how we serve a traditional
Neapolitan pizza from repor restaurant
in rancho cucamonga
hmm
all that sauce is amazing it's all about
the sauce yeah fresh mozzarella
mozzarella a little bit of basil simple
but elegant
you gotta come try this
you